because accumulate me the I can see once
again from before and give me marvelous
what is your lead up to that game
anything special you're gonna do
tomorrow or you taking the cheerful yeah
you gotta take it simple but watching
those two games the CEO in a look at
it's a good start and like I said
Frankie that sort of excitement going
against Amazon I won the first game last
night show you know Polly can't get up
with stats and you know ball team
something to get so what do you think it
that kickstart some more and the guys
got a feeling the minister looking
forward to that done good nobody can you
know turn things around any worry about
to form lately haven't been among the
vaporizer you're accustomed to many work
really I mean I've been in worse
situation than this so it's a situation
where it's a mindset and and as of a
clear - a new tournament so you go there
you know play positive and you know
believe in yourself and your ability to
actually get the job done
obviously I'm the captain now say you
know Charlie confront as possible as
well and either give the team a lose
that but the guys been they've been you
know been doing a good job on in a
preparation really really well so just
trying you know get everybody together
you know get that feel in the middle and
everybody's looking for it Chris Lola
wicket is Providence you start worrying
you of it that's good we got a guy
a know we have played so many cricket
years
from a personal friend of the
international entity as well so your
expertise from solid understand just
buddy guys to make the necessary
adjustments
no from a button finder being a giant
you know do the basic things right so
like I said you know I'm a Productivity
you know I mean
vitaly's concentrate on one particular
color it up sent to me what you did that
myself thank Dennis I know he does but
Maya de marsay is going to be interested
fracturing up against it as well so a
lot of things to look forward to and
like I said hopefully we can you know
there's been a lot of speculation at
NDSU which is somewhat on the other end
the department does the intimidate
people that speculations are as if you
can I don't know we get a card on all
that thought if l of you know I think
maybe maybe such out of your role
attending to minute more bullets than in
the water intimidate to meet so it
simply be the other variable there's no
intimidation there we've been playing
together play against each other
few times no he's a number one second in
the world one day 20 we have to get full
of respect and when it is a wonderful
job it's really good fun from his point
of view much at the end of the day in a
cricket a nebula so it's not a very
doesn't say office feel so and so
however they can actually get together